Pardon me?
You are the only heir to the Ning family
Up to now, Master Ning's will
It's still written in your name.
And I am your legal husband
Who do you think will be cheaper if you die?
Bastard, I'm going to die with you
Trying to kill me
The only thing you have to do tonight
Just give birth to this child
This way you can still get half of the property
I would rather not be
Swallowed by me
Fu Yuanchuan
I hate you hate you
I should hate you
It's your dad
Killed my parents
You deserve it.
Deserved
How is he now?
Master Ning had a heart attack
He was taken to the emergency room by paramedics.
The situation is not optimistic
People like him never rest
Now my revenge has finally been avenged
Vice President
Miss Ji already knows your identity
Will you keep him later?
He is pregnant with my child
Just for that
I will never let him go
Vice President, Vice President
When will you understand
In fact, I can't live without Miss Ji